When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Remote repository maily deals with thelocation of the github, ie where to store and how 
to store. It is important to have the remote repository as we choose when to push or 
pull rather than github doing it. The remote repository alias name helps us in not 
memorizing the entire url to the repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having git automatically
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Automatic updation by the github with remote repository can result in erroneous data
updation. If a commoner user of a github repository  is uploading the data to the github
while the updation is going on, incomplete data is supplied to the remote repository. 
This can make no sense to the other people using this data from the local repository.
So it is always good to have manual updation for data. 

Describe the difference between fork, clone and branches. When would you use one instead
of another?

Cloning is a feature that is more than copying a folder. The process of cloning is used 
when you have to copy a set of related files along with their histroy from the time the 
repository was initialized. It shows the list of all commits made to different files at
different time intervals. Cloning is done from a specified URL mentioned which can contain
a common project that a group of people working on. Works of different people can be found
in them. You can also clone from folder to folder. It doesnt have to be between URL and 
local computer.

Branch, as the name suggests, is a separate path derived from tha main code base where 
you can make your own code changes and try out experimenting features in code. When you
are not sure if your new code is to be implemented along the main stream code, you create
a branch. Also, when you have to work under multiple code development, you can have 
different branches and can be merged together finally.

Fork is a feature that is much similar to cloning,except that forking is done between
githubs. Forking is done from one URL to another. A forked code will have reference to
original code that was cloned. This is used when you have to make some changes to the
code base someone else owns and they do not want their code modified.  

What is the benifit of having a copy of last knwon state of remote stored locally?

The idea of storing the last known state of remote will help you get to know which was 
the submit that was last synced with the local. If a number of code modifications are done
to the github repository while you were offline or parallely working on a new commit, 
syncing your code changes would create problems. To work on a latest code base developed 
by the team, it is important to sync the changes and to know what is to be synced. 

How would you collaborate without using git or github? What would be easier and what 
would be harder?

Git and Github are excellent tools for version control and storage and collaboration.
As we know Git helps in comparing and saving different versions of the same code. This 
helps in the error detection process and helps in reverting changes back to error free 
codes. When used with Github, this helps in sharing the codes with other people who may 
belong to the same project but working at different places geographically. This can also
 be used to clone the code and make local modification for your own use. If the changes 
 are good enough,it can be shared across the world. These tools helps in merging the codes
 that might have been modified by people across the world in a better way, without causing 
 any errors. Harder part would be to keep track of changes made by others and sharing of 
 huge chunks of files. 

 When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than direclty in master?
 What benifits does each approach have?

 Most of the changes that we make to our code goes intp master as long as we are sure 
 of the code changes that we make. For example, a code base which have been tested 
 thoroughly can be used for making small code modification. When we have to implement
 a new feature or experiment a new code, we go for the branches as we do not want the
 functioning code to be affected by the changes. Also, when you want to start multiple 
 projects at the same time, we go for the branches. It is always easier to use the
 master for code change as it doesnt have to be merged at the end of the day. But 
 ath the same time it is not worth the risk if introducing ahuge chunk of code and 
 hamper their functionality.